Once upon a time, in a land called Aurelia, there lived a valiant queen who 
ruled her kingdom with an iron fist. Her citizens were happy under her rule:
when there was illness, she commanded the doctors and nurses to act swiftly 
and accordingly. When struck with the threat of an oncoming winter storm, she
ordered an immediate evacuation and ensured that all her beloved people were 
safe. When threatened by war, she herself rushed to the front lines to defend
her people. Even though she could be harsh sometimes, her people knew of her
kindness and endless devotion; they thought she was magnificent in the way 
that she powered through almost every single problem that came her way. 

However, one day, the people of the kingdom discovered a horrible secret.
She was actually a bastard of the former king, King Jarya. The people of
Aurelia could not accept a queen that was not the rightful heir to the 
throne. It was a mythical curse that only the true blood of the former Kings
could be ruling the country. But, but there is one way that you can break the
curse, but a horrible one...

The sorceror of the kingdom, Merlin, revealed that the only way to break the
curse is to gain acceptance of all in the kingdom. For the most part, this 
was alreaady true! The queen had proven her capability time and time again
to her citizens. The only problem was that the dissenters could not be swayed
by actions alone.

She needed to address the people, and she need to do it directly. She decided to 
mock up a public address and speak to the people!

She spoke to the people, told them that she couldn't change her blood
status, she couldn't change her past. But that didn't change how much she loved them, 
and how much she was willing to fight for them. However, while her people were not convinced
her government was not. With a vote 6-0, her own government whom she had been the 
backbone of for so many years, exiled her to a different country. However, many of her 
closest friends and family accompanied her to this new land, and helped her establish a 
place of her own. Slowly, her people left the rigid rule of the government in Aurelia,
and came to live with the queen. She slowly grew her peaceful kingdom back, piece by piece.
